Latex documenation (#34)
TeamSolenopsis/Cordyceps: cordyceps/docs/project_overview.rst

Project description
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The project is an aplied research project, which aims to develop a system capable of controlling a team of robots to perform a task. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is an applied research project, which aims to develop a system capable of controlling a fleet of robots to perform a task. 
```
